Here the derived ligand clusters are presented as an overview of the docking. The clustered docking results are further aggregated and presented as a **stacked bar chart** combined with a **box plot**. With this overview, the user gets an impression of how many ligands at which cluster/binding site docked and what the energy/AutoDock-Score distribution looks like. This enables the user to look up the cluster results and to identify extremes, e.g., the highest number of docked ligand poses or the highest mean docking score.

The tool is mainly made for **Auto-Dock** results because it is one of the most cited docking tools. This is the reason for having negative scores, which are energies, but depending on which AutoDock version was used, they are not highly reliable. As a suggestion of the domain experts, the term score is used for those energies to not give a wrong impression regarding the accuracy of the energies/results. The values are rather used to be able to rank the poses.

The coloring of the **stacked bar chart** has four different modes, which can be switched by radio buttons above the plot. One of these colors each stack in a different color depending on the ligands. Stacks that contain poses of the same ligand will have the same color. The other three color modes depend on the chemical properties **molecular weight, octanol-water partition coefficient** and **fraction of sp<sup>3</sup>**. They are collected from ZINC database or calculated with <a href="https://plip-tool.biotec.tu-dresden.de/plip-web/plip/index" target="_blank">PLIP</a>. Categories are derived from these ordinal chemical properties as value ranges and are arranged as stacks in the bar chart. Ligands are annotated regarding one of five value ranges/bins for a given property. The ranges are colored using a quantitative color scale. By this, the user can obtain information about the chemical composition of the found clusters, which allows discover similarities and trends, e.g., between poses or clusters.

To get more specific information on demand a **tooltip** is implemented. While a **mouseover** stacks of the same ligand are highlighted and a tooltip appears with detailed information about the pose and the ligand together with the values of the chemical properties. Also, the box plot has a tooltip, which shows the box plot typical values like the mean, median, the quantiles q3, q4 and the min and max values.

Besides these four different radio buttons, the user has more options to change the stacked bar plot. In the top left corner is a dropdown that controls the **sorting mode** of the bars regarding the mean score of the clusters, the cluster-ID or the number of ligand poses. Directly on the right side of the button is a switch **”with noise”**, that will add the data of all noise ligand poses to the whole dashboard including a new bar in the plot. Because we are using DBSCAN and a minimum score criterion to determine the clusters we have ”noise”. This means ligand binding poses which not fulfill the criterion or that were not assignable to any cluster will be marked as noise.
