The _treeview_ of **functional groups** is part of the information enrichment of the docking results. This view shows cluster-specific information. The _treeview_ presents the **functional groups** of all ligands that belong to the currently selected cluster/binding site. The determined groups consist of supergroups and groups that fit into them. Because of that, we used all groups listed for <a href="https://homepage.univie.ac.at/norbert.haider/cheminf/cmmm.html" target="_blank">Checkmol</a> to build their intrinsic hierarchy.

The _treeview_ is also scrollable, and the rows are expandable like branches that can be clicked and unfolded showing the number of groups at the end of each row. An unfolded branch has an increasing specificity for its subbranches or leaves, e.g. the branch for _1,2-aminoalcohol_ would start with _hydroxy compound_ as a main branch which expands to an → _alcohol_ branch unfolding to → _secondary alcohol_ and finally to → _1,2-aminoalcohol_.

A selection (checkbox) acts as an additional filter of the _ligand table_ of the **Statistics View**. Ligands that contain one of the selected functional groups are automatically detected and their ZINC names are posted into the search field of the **Statistics View**. Such functional group selections can also be made by the 3D Visualization. For this, the dropdown menu on the right top corner of the _treeview_ must be set to (**_"Functional Group Cluster"_**).

This _treeview_ enables the user to browse the functional groups and to compare them, e.g., concerning the amounts and to identify overrepresented functional groups. This can be interesting information, especially for ligand designers or protein engineers, e.g., regarding free binding energy optimization.
